Change Product for Engineers -> build mode (#18013)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/newsletter/best-of-2025.mdx

---

> title: The best of build mode in 2025

Author: ```suggestion
title: The best of Product for Engineers in 2025
```

## Lottie's favorite hedgehog

> We're lucky to have Lottie's illustrations liven up nearly every edition of build mode. Of the dozens of hedgehogs she drew this year, here are her two favorites:

Author: ```suggestion
We're lucky to have Lottie's illustrations liven up nearly every edition of Product for Engineers. Of the dozens of hedgehogs she drew this year, here are her two favorites:
```
